Starts the CHANGELOG + version to 3.0.0 in metadata.rb. (#625)
DataDog/chef-datadog: CHANGELOG.md

Changes
=======

# 3.0.0 / Unreleased

## Breaking changes

  * **This cookbook only supports Chef 12.7+.** It means that if you want to continue
  to use this cookbook with a version of Chef `< 12.7`, you will have to use the datadog
  cookbook in a version `< 3.0`. However, we recommend to switch to the `3.x` version
  because there is no plan to update the `2.x` branch with new features for now.

>   * **Agent v6 is now installed by default.** You can use `node['datadog']['agent6'] => false` to continue to use Agent v5. Please see the README for more details.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  * **Agent v6 is now installed by default.** You can set `node['datadog']['agent6']` to `false` to continue to use Agent v5. Please see the README for more details.
```

>   * Remove the dependency to the windows cookbook.

Reviewer: this is not a breaking change 😄

>   * The `datadog_monitor` resources doesn't automatically restart the Agent anymore. See `recipes/mongo.rb` for an example on how to restart the Agent after `datadog_monitor` has been executed.

Reviewer: I think we can point users to the README here as well.
```suggestion
  * The `datadog_monitor` resource doesn't automatically restart the Agent service anymore. `service[datadog-agent` now needs to be notified a restart when the resource is used. See the usage of `datadog_monitor` in the README for more details.
```

  * A new attribute `node['datadog']['site']` will let you send the data to either

>   the US or the EU site. Also, the `node['datadog']['url']` default value is now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the US or the EU site (this applies to the Datadog handler as well). Also, `default['datadog']['url']` is now set to
```

>   `nil`. If not overrided in your cookbook, the Agent will decide itself based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `nil`. If not overridden in your cookbook, the Agent will pick which site to send data to
  based on these two attributes.
```

>   on those two fields to which site the data should be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   * Drop the support for the chef-handler-datadog < 0.10.0, please use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Drop support for chef-handler-datadog < 0.10.0, please use a
```

  more recent version.

>   * Add the `datadog_integration` resource to easily configure integration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add the `datadog_integration` resource to easily control installed integrations,
```

  more info in the README.
  * Drop Agent v4 compatibility code.

## Details

> * [FEATURE] Ensure compatilibity with Chef 14 & 15 (drop compatibility with Chef < 12.7). See [#450][] [#597][] [@martinisoft][] [@remeh][]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Ensure compatibility with Chef 14 & 15 (drop compatibility with Chef < 12.7). See [#450][] [#597][] [@martinisoft][] [@remeh][]
```
